c:\users\ikivanc\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\BotTranslator\BotTranslator\obj\Debug\BotTranslator.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\ikivanc\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\BotTranslator\BotTranslator\bin\Bot Application1.dll.config
c:\users\ikivanc\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\BotTranslator\BotTranslator\bin\Bot Application1.dll
c:\users\ikivanc\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\BotTranslator\BotTranslator\bin\Bot Application1.pdb
c:\users\ikivanc\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\BotTranslator\BotTranslator\bin\Autofac.dll
c:\users\ikivanc\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\BotTranslator\BotTranslator\bin\Chronic.dll
c:\users\ikivanc\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\BotTranslator\BotTranslator\bin\Microsoft.Bot.Builder.Autofac.dll
c:\users\ikivanc\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\BotTranslator\BotTranslator\bin\Microsoft.Bot.Builder.dll
c:\users\ikivanc\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\BotTranslator\BotTranslator\bin\Microsoft.Bot.Connector.dll
c:\users\ikivanc\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\BotTranslator\BotTranslator\bin\Microsoft.IdentityModel.Protocol.Extensions.dll
c:\users\ikivanc\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\BotTranslator\BotTranslator\bin\Microsoft.Rest.ClientRuntime.dll
c:\users\ikivanc\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\BotTranslator\BotTranslator\bin\Microsoft.WindowsAzure.Configuration.dll
c:\users\ikivanc\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\BotTranslator\BotTranslator\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\ikivanc\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\BotTranslator\BotTranslator\bin\System.IdentityModel.Tokens.Jwt.dll
c:\users\ikivanc\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\BotTranslator\BotTranslator\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
c:\users\ikivanc\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\BotTranslator\BotTranslator\bin\System.Web.Http.dll
c:\users\ikivanc\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\BotTranslator\BotTranslator\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
c:\users\ikivanc\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\BotTranslator\BotTranslator\bin\Autofac.xml
c:\users\ikivanc\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\BotTranslator\BotTranslator\bin\Microsoft.Bot.Builder.xml
c:\users\ikivanc\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\BotTranslator\BotTranslator\bin\Microsoft.Bot.Builder.Autofac.xml
c:\users\ikivanc\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\BotTranslator\BotTranslator\bin\Microsoft.Bot.Connector.xml
c:\users\ikivanc\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\BotTranslator\BotTranslator\bin\Microsoft.IdentityModel.Protocol.Extensions.xml
c:\users\ikivanc\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\BotTranslator\BotTranslator\bin\Microsoft.WindowsAzure.Configuration.xml
c:\users\ikivanc\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\BotTranslator\BotTranslator\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\ikivanc\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\BotTranslator\BotTranslator\bin\System.IdentityModel.Tokens.Jwt.xml
c:\users\ikivanc\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\BotTranslator\BotTranslator\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
c:\users\ikivanc\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\BotTranslator\BotTranslator\bin\System.Web.Http.xml
c:\users\ikivanc\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\BotTranslator\BotTranslator\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
c:\users\ikivanc\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\BotTranslator\BotTranslator\bin\ar\Microsoft.Bot.Builder.resources.dll
c:\users\ikivanc\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\BotTranslator\BotTranslator\bin\cs\Microsoft.Bot.Builder.resources.dll
c:\users\ikivanc\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\BotTranslator\BotTranslator\bin\de-dE\Microsoft.Bot.Builder.resources.dll
c:\users\ikivanc\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\BotTranslator\BotTranslator\bin\en\Microsoft.Bot.Builder.resources.dll
c:\users\ikivanc\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\BotTranslator\BotTranslator\bin\es\Microsoft.Bot.Builder.resources.dll
c:\users\ikivanc\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\BotTranslator\BotTranslator\bin\fa\Microsoft.Bot.Builder.resources.dll
c:\users\ikivanc\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\BotTranslator\BotTranslator\bin\fr\Microsoft.Bot.Builder.resources.dll
c:\users\ikivanc\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\BotTranslator\BotTranslator\bin\ja\Microsoft.Bot.Builder.resources.dll
c:\users\ikivanc\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\BotTranslator\BotTranslator\bin\ru\Microsoft.Bot.Builder.resources.dll
c:\users\ikivanc\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\BotTranslator\BotTranslator\bin\zh-hans\Microsoft.Bot.Builder.resources.dll
c:\users\ikivanc\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\BotTranslator\BotTranslator\obj\Debug\Bot Application1.dll
c:\users\ikivanc\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\BotTranslator\BotTranslator\obj\Debug\Bot Application1.pdb
C:\Users\ikivanc\Documents\GitHub\BotTranslator\BotTranslator\bin\Bot Application1.dll.config
C:\Users\ikivanc\Documents\GitHub\BotTranslator\BotTranslator\bin\Bot Application1.dll
C:\Users\ikivanc\Documents\GitHub\BotTranslator\BotTranslator\bin\Bot Application1.pdb
C:\Users\ikivanc\Documents\GitHub\BotTranslator\BotTranslator\bin\Autofac.dll
C:\Users\ikivanc\Documents\GitHub\BotTranslator\BotTranslator\bin\Chronic.dll
C:\Users\ikivanc\Documents\GitHub\BotTranslator\BotTranslator\bin\Microsoft.Bot.Builder.Autofac.dll
C:\Users\ikivanc\Documents\GitHub\BotTranslator\BotTranslator\bin\Microsoft.Bot.Builder.dll
C:\Users\ikivanc\Documents\GitHub\BotTranslator\BotTranslator\bin\Microsoft.Bot.Connector.dll
C:\Users\ikivanc\Documents\GitHub\BotTranslator\BotTranslator\bin\Microsoft.IdentityModel.Protocol.Extensions.dll
C:\Users\ikivanc\Documents\GitHub\BotTranslator\BotTranslator\bin\Microsoft.Rest.ClientRuntime.dll
C:\Users\ikivanc\Documents\GitHub\BotTranslator\BotTranslator\bin\Microsoft.WindowsAzure.Configuration.dll
C:\Users\ikivanc\Documents\GitHub\BotTranslator\BotTranslator\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
C:\Users\ikivanc\Documents\GitHub\BotTranslator\BotTranslator\bin\System.IdentityModel.Tokens.Jwt.dll
C:\Users\ikivanc\Documents\GitHub\BotTranslator\BotTranslator\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
C:\Users\ikivanc\Documents\GitHub\BotTranslator\BotTranslator\bin\System.Web.Http.dll
C:\Users\ikivanc\Documents\GitHub\BotTranslator\BotTranslator\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
C:\Users\ikivanc\Documents\GitHub\BotTranslator\BotTranslator\bin\Autofac.xml
C:\Users\ikivanc\Documents\GitHub\BotTranslator\BotTranslator\bin\Microsoft.Bot.Builder.xml
C:\Users\ikivanc\Documents\GitHub\BotTranslator\BotTranslator\bin\Microsoft.Bot.Builder.Autofac.xml
C:\Users\ikivanc\Documents\GitHub\BotTranslator\BotTranslator\bin\Microsoft.Bot.Connector.xml
C:\Users\ikivanc\Documents\GitHub\BotTranslator\BotTranslator\bin\Microsoft.IdentityModel.Protocol.Extensions.xml
C:\Users\ikivanc\Documents\GitHub\BotTranslator\BotTranslator\bin\Microsoft.WindowsAzure.Configuration.xml
C:\Users\ikivanc\Documents\GitHub\BotTranslator\BotTranslator\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
C:\Users\ikivanc\Documents\GitHub\BotTranslator\BotTranslator\bin\System.IdentityModel.Tokens.Jwt.xml
C:\Users\ikivanc\Documents\GitHub\BotTranslator\BotTranslator\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
C:\Users\ikivanc\Documents\GitHub\BotTranslator\BotTranslator\bin\System.Web.Http.xml
C:\Users\ikivanc\Documents\GitHub\BotTranslator\BotTranslator\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
C:\Users\ikivanc\Documents\GitHub\BotTranslator\BotTranslator\bin\ar\Microsoft.Bot.Builder.resources.dll
C:\Users\ikivanc\Documents\GitHub\BotTranslator\BotTranslator\bin\cs\Microsoft.Bot.Builder.resources.dll
C:\Users\ikivanc\Documents\GitHub\BotTranslator\BotTranslator\bin\de-dE\Microsoft.Bot.Builder.resources.dll
C:\Users\ikivanc\Documents\GitHub\BotTranslator\BotTranslator\bin\en\Microsoft.Bot.Builder.resources.dll
C:\Users\ikivanc\Documents\GitHub\BotTranslator\BotTranslator\bin\es\Microsoft.Bot.Builder.resources.dll
C:\Users\ikivanc\Documents\GitHub\BotTranslator\BotTranslator\bin\fa\Microsoft.Bot.Builder.resources.dll
C:\Users\ikivanc\Documents\GitHub\BotTranslator\BotTranslator\bin\fr\Microsoft.Bot.Builder.resources.dll
C:\Users\ikivanc\Documents\GitHub\BotTranslator\BotTranslator\bin\ja\Microsoft.Bot.Builder.resources.dll
C:\Users\ikivanc\Documents\GitHub\BotTranslator\BotTranslator\bin\ru\Microsoft.Bot.Builder.resources.dll
C:\Users\ikivanc\Documents\GitHub\BotTranslator\BotTranslator\bin\zh-hans\Microsoft.Bot.Builder.resources.dll
C:\Users\ikivanc\Documents\GitHub\BotTranslator\BotTranslator\obj\Debug\BotTranslator.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\ikivanc\Documents\GitHub\BotTranslator\BotTranslator\obj\Debug\Bot Application1.dll
C:\Users\ikivanc\Documents\GitHub\BotTranslator\BotTranslator\obj\Debug\Bot Application1.pdb
D:\DAMIN\NUS\IIP\Chatbot\BotTranslator-master\BotTranslator\bin\Bot Application1.dll.config
D:\DAMIN\NUS\IIP\Chatbot\BotTranslator-master\BotTranslator\bin\Bot Application1.dll
D:\DAMIN\NUS\IIP\Chatbot\BotTranslator-master\BotTranslator\bin\Bot Application1.pdb
D:\DAMIN\NUS\IIP\Chatbot\BotTranslator-master\BotTranslator\bin\Autofac.dll
D:\DAMIN\NUS\IIP\Chatbot\BotTranslator-master\BotTranslator\bin\Chronic.dll
D:\DAMIN\NUS\IIP\Chatbot\BotTranslator-master\BotTranslator\bin\Microsoft.Bot.Builder.Autofac.dll
D:\DAMIN\NUS\IIP\Chatbot\BotTranslator-master\BotTranslator\bin\Microsoft.Bot.Builder.dll
D:\DAMIN\NUS\IIP\Chatbot\BotTranslator-master\BotTranslator\bin\Microsoft.Bot.Connector.dll
D:\DAMIN\NUS\IIP\Chatbot\BotTranslator-master\BotTranslator\bin\Microsoft.IdentityModel.Protocol.Extensions.dll
D:\DAMIN\NUS\IIP\Chatbot\BotTranslator-master\BotTranslator\bin\Microsoft.Rest.ClientRuntime.dll
D:\DAMIN\NUS\IIP\Chatbot\BotTranslator-master\BotTranslator\bin\Microsoft.WindowsAzure.Configuration.dll
D:\DAMIN\NUS\IIP\Chatbot\BotTranslator-master\BotTranslator\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
D:\DAMIN\NUS\IIP\Chatbot\BotTranslator-master\BotTranslator\bin\System.IdentityModel.Tokens.Jwt.dll
D:\DAMIN\NUS\IIP\Chatbot\BotTranslator-master\BotTranslator\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
D:\DAMIN\NUS\IIP\Chatbot\BotTranslator-master\BotTranslator\bin\System.Web.Http.dll
D:\DAMIN\NUS\IIP\Chatbot\BotTranslator-master\BotTranslator\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
D:\DAMIN\NUS\IIP\Chatbot\BotTranslator-master\BotTranslator\bin\Autofac.xml
D:\DAMIN\NUS\IIP\Chatbot\BotTranslator-master\BotTranslator\bin\Microsoft.Bot.Builder.xml
D:\DAMIN\NUS\IIP\Chatbot\BotTranslator-master\BotTranslator\bin\Microsoft.Bot.Builder.Autofac.xml
D:\DAMIN\NUS\IIP\Chatbot\BotTranslator-master\BotTranslator\bin\Microsoft.Bot.Connector.xml
D:\DAMIN\NUS\IIP\Chatbot\BotTranslator-master\BotTranslator\bin\Microsoft.IdentityModel.Protocol.Extensions.xml
D:\DAMIN\NUS\IIP\Chatbot\BotTranslator-master\BotTranslator\bin\Microsoft.WindowsAzure.Configuration.xml
D:\DAMIN\NUS\IIP\Chatbot\BotTranslator-master\BotTranslator\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
D:\DAMIN\NUS\IIP\Chatbot\BotTranslator-master\BotTranslator\bin\System.IdentityModel.Tokens.Jwt.xml
D:\DAMIN\NUS\IIP\Chatbot\BotTranslator-master\BotTranslator\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
D:\DAMIN\NUS\IIP\Chatbot\BotTranslator-master\BotTranslator\bin\System.Web.Http.xml
D:\DAMIN\NUS\IIP\Chatbot\BotTranslator-master\BotTranslator\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
D:\DAMIN\NUS\IIP\Chatbot\BotTranslator-master\BotTranslator\bin\ar\Microsoft.Bot.Builder.resources.dll
D:\DAMIN\NUS\IIP\Chatbot\BotTranslator-master\BotTranslator\bin\cs\Microsoft.Bot.Builder.resources.dll
D:\DAMIN\NUS\IIP\Chatbot\BotTranslator-master\BotTranslator\bin\de-dE\Microsoft.Bot.Builder.resources.dll
D:\DAMIN\NUS\IIP\Chatbot\BotTranslator-master\BotTranslator\bin\en\Microsoft.Bot.Builder.resources.dll
D:\DAMIN\NUS\IIP\Chatbot\BotTranslator-master\BotTranslator\bin\es\Microsoft.Bot.Builder.resources.dll
D:\DAMIN\NUS\IIP\Chatbot\BotTranslator-master\BotTranslator\bin\fa\Microsoft.Bot.Builder.resources.dll
D:\DAMIN\NUS\IIP\Chatbot\BotTranslator-master\BotTranslator\bin\fr\Microsoft.Bot.Builder.resources.dll
D:\DAMIN\NUS\IIP\Chatbot\BotTranslator-master\BotTranslator\bin\ja\Microsoft.Bot.Builder.resources.dll
D:\DAMIN\NUS\IIP\Chatbot\BotTranslator-master\BotTranslator\bin\ru\Microsoft.Bot.Builder.resources.dll
D:\DAMIN\NUS\IIP\Chatbot\BotTranslator-master\BotTranslator\bin\zh-hans\Microsoft.Bot.Builder.resources.dll
D:\DAMIN\NUS\IIP\Chatbot\BotTranslator-master\BotTranslator\obj\Debug\BotTranslator.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
D:\DAMIN\NUS\IIP\Chatbot\BotTranslator-master\BotTranslator\obj\Debug\BotTranslator.csproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
D:\DAMIN\NUS\IIP\Chatbot\BotTranslator-master\BotTranslator\obj\Debug\Bot Application1.dll
D:\DAMIN\NUS\IIP\Chatbot\BotTranslator-master\BotTranslator\obj\Debug\Bot Application1.pdb
